Adds the Grover Diffusion Operator Template (#1442)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Grover Diffusion Operator template added.
  [(#1442)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1442)

  For example, if we have an oracle that marks the |111> state with a
  negative sign:

  ```python
  n_wires = 3
  wires = list(range(n_wires))

  def oracle():
    qml.Hadamard(wires[-1])
    qml.Toffoli(wires=wires)
    qml.Hadamard(wires[-1])
  ```

  We can perform the [Grover's Search Algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grover%27s_algorithm):

  ```python
  dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=wires)

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def GroverSearch(num_iterations=1):
      for wire in wires:
          qml.Hadamard(wire)

      for _ in range(num_iterations):
          oracle()

>           qml.templates.GroverOperator(wires=wires)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          qml.templates.GroverOperator(wires=wires)

```

      return qml.probs(wires)
  ```

>   We can see this circuit selects out the marked state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We can see this circuit yields the marked state with high probability:
```
(or something like this)

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Grover Diffusion Operator template added.
  [(#1442)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1442)

> 

Author: Added.
